my name is Rick Metzger
I'm a fisherman Kodiak Island uh grew up
Washington State as a kid my dad brought
me up here 1962 growing up here at the
kid that was just the adventure of a
lifetime
well the first things my dad taught me
when we started mission was that fish
was food and every fish we caught was
somebody's dinner to do that make sure
that we have a good quality product we
got to work hard and get up early
we'll get up rocket dog in the morning
go out for the first run through the
gear clean out the nets untangle all the
messes get everything shipshape deliver
the fish right from the net to the
cannery well tender here at least three
to four times a day and we have four
permits with the gear in the water what
permits allow one hundred and fifty
pounds which is nine hundred feet in
that so we have over 3,000 feet of net
in the water every day our sock guy is
our first term we have two runs of sock
I'd let you come so I would run that
shows up starts running in May pink
salmon come after the sockeye they run
from the middle of July to the middle
August as promised
then we have a late run sockeye that
comes in the middle of August and runs
into the middle of September keeps us
pretty busy and sometimes the hardest
work comes with the fewest fish so you
just never know what's going to happen
always got to be ready sometimes our
best day the season is the first day and
sometimes it's the last day so you just
got to stay and see it through and fish
every day that's available then if the
season is open don't complain
the most gratifying experience of my
life to be fishing with my father and my
two sons with us just find everywhere
now I'm getting up there and where I
can't do all the work as much as I like
doing now my two sons or take sure the
business over from myself and my wife
and hopefully they're going to continue
the lot and their family members my
favourite salmon is the fresh salmon but
there's so many different ways to cook
it prepare it advance myself it was a
bit of a folk Sam
make us whole salmon but you can't eat
too much of that